# AirDeveloppa Backend

* [Running on docker](#running-docker)
* [MongoDB Commands](#mongodb)
* [Maintainer Notes](#maintainer-notes)
* [Generating an admin key](#generating-an-admin-key)
* [Endpoint Descriptions](#sample-endpoints)

## Running (Docker)

```
# First two steps may no longer be needed

# Login as user nolim1t
docker login registry.gitlab.com -u nolim1t
# Enter personal access token as password
docker pull registry.gitlab.com/nolim1t/airdeveloppa-backend:latest

# Pull specific version
docker pull registry.gitlab.com/nolim1t/airdeveloppa-backend:v0.1.16
```

## MongoDB

Some sample mongodb commands

```bash
docker exec -it mongodb mongo -uroot -ppasssword
```

## Sample endpoints

### Register

**Endpoint:** https://backend.airdeveloppa.services/1/register

This endpoint automatically creates an authentication token for a device or checks to see if the authentication token exists. The purpose of this is to identify users in the system

This endpoint also lets an existing device re-validate an authentication token.


#### POST Parameters

- `device_id` (required. This should be a uuid generated by the device)
- `token` (not required if the uuid generated by the device exists, it should be kept private)

### List

**Endpoint:** https://backend.airdeveloppa.services/1/list

#### GET Parameters

- `lat` (not required or implemented)
- `lng` (not required or implemented)

### Balance

**Endpoint:** https://backend.airdeveloppa.services/1/balance

This endpoint shows the users balance in satoshis.

#### GET Parameters

- `token` (Required)

### Withdraw

**Endpoint:** https://backend.airdeveloppa.services/1/withdraw

#### POST parameters

- `token` (required. account authorization token)
- `invoice` (required. Lightning invoice for the withdraw request)

### Verify

**Endpoint:** https://backend.airdeveloppa.services/1/verify

#### POST Parameters

- `token` (required. This is the authentication token. You should keep this safe)
- `id` (required. This is the device UUID)
- `fakeVerify` (for testing. If you set this to false this will simulate a fail response)

### Device push

**Endpoint:** https://backend.airdeveloppa.services/1/device_push

#### POST notes

- Must send a ```Content-Type: application/json``` header
- Must send a JSON object with the following parameters `businessid`, `deviceid`, and `AQI`

## Maintainer Notes

- Copy `env-dist` to `.env` before starting `docker-compose.yml`. Configure the defaults is recommended
- Have a `PERSONALTOKEN` variable set up in gitlab
- When releasing push a tag
- Ensure that there is a `mongodb` directory available in the route.

## Generating an admin key

```bash
node -e 'var crypto = require("crypto"); var adminkey = crypto.createHash("sha256").update(crypto.createHash("sha256").update("admin" + "||" + (new Date().getTime()).toString()).digest("hex")).digest("hex"); console.log(adminkey);'
```
